F.A.Q.
------

HELP

Q: How to get help?

A: The fastest way is to come on our IRC channel. There you can find a lot of
   nice people that will help you until you solve your problem. Server:
   irc.freenode.net Channel: manaworld.

   If you don't like IRC just come to our forum:
   http://themanaworld.sourceforge.net/phpBB2. It is not needed to register
   since guest posting is active, but you're welcome if you want to subscribe,
   it will help to get more players. Ok you think forums are evil? Don't worry,
   send me an e-mail at umperio@users.sourceforge.net and you're done. That's
   not enough? No, I won't give you my phone number! ;P
   
GAME

Q: I always get "Unregistered ID" error message, why?

A: First of all check that your username is at least 4 characters long. Is the
   first time you login? Then add _M at the end of the username you chose the
   first time you login. (You don't need to add _M the following times). If you
   already succesfully connected, but now getting this message, please send an
   e-mail to umperio@users.sourceforge.net.


Q: I always get "Wrong password" but I'm sure I typed it right, why?

A: If is the first time you login be sure you're not adding _M at the end of
   your username. Else please send an e-mail to umperio@users.sourceforge.net.

Q: How can I talk to NPCs?

A: Did you read README? Are you really sure? If not go read it and you'll find
   all the known commands. If you notice the README is not up to date/wrong,
   please report it to the developers.

Q: I just typed /<command> in the chat window and then I saw "Your account has
   been banished until ..." and TMW closed. Now when I try to log in nothing
   happens?

A: That's because /<commands> are not implemented at the moment of writing.
   Please avoid using such commands (i.e. /help) until they're added.
   Anyway the ban is temp, just wait some minutes and you should be able to
   connect again.

Q: I can't recover HP anymore.

A: Check your inventory, if you've got lots of stuff probably you're
   overweight, try to give away some of them. You get overweight when you're
   carrying 50% of your maximum weight.


CVS

Q: What's CVS?

A: It's a system where is stored the latest development version. It's not
   assured that it's stable, but surely it has the latest updates. (CVS version
   is updated quite frequently). If you want to check it out, read this guide
   http://themanaworld.sourceforge.net/cvs-tutorial.txt 


DEVELOPMENT

Q: When will the next version be released?

A: We have scheduled releases. Usually a new release is available every month.
   Check http://wiki.themanaworld.org/index.php/Roadmap for further infos.


Q: How can I contribute?

A: There are a lot of ways:
   
   - If you're a programmer or an artist you can be part of the development
     team. Send an e-mail to umperio@users.sourceforge.net explaining what you
     want to do.
   
   - You want to work on the server: server customization, scripts, maps. Send
     an e-mail to umperio@users.sourceforge.net explaining what you want to do.
   
   - You can donate money. Follow the link in the main web page
     http://themanaworld.souceforge.net.
   
   - You can be a beta tester. Just play with The Mana World and report every
     error to the tracker. Read for more infos on the main page
     http://themanaworld.sourceforge.net.
   
   - Play with The Mana World: more players, more fun! Simple as that! ;-)

